c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.exe.config
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.exe
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.pdb
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.exe
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.pdb
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\YoutubeExplode.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\YoutubeExplode.xml
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.Vorbis.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NVorbis.dll
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.Vorbis.xml
c:\users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NVorbis.xml
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.SettingsForm.resources
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\EventHook.dll
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\olija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Soundboard\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.exe.config
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.SettingsForm.resources
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.exe
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Soundboard.pdb
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\EventHook.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\YoutubeExplode.dll
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\bin\Debug\YoutubeExplode.xml
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.exe
C:\Users\olija\Desktop\Projects\ultimatesoundbox\Soundboard\obj\Debug\Soundboard.pdb
